Charts fallback image for when there is no JavaScript (#3646)
ONSdigital/design-system: src/components/chart/_macro-options.md

Author: Updated.

| iframeUrl                | string              | false                  | A url for a visualisation to display in an iframe instead of displaying a Highcharts chart.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| footnotes                | `Object<Footnotes>` | false                  | Footnotes to appear below the chart in a 'details' element                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | fallbackImageUrl         | string              | false                  | A url for a fallback image to display instead of the chart or iframed visualisation if JavaScript is disabled. If a fallback image is passed with an iframeUrl parameter, the iframe will be hidden for non-JavaScript uesrs. If it is not passed, it is assumed the iframed content will provide a fallback image to be displayed inside the iframe. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fallbackImageUrl         | string              | false                  | A url for a fallback image to display instead of the chart or iframe visualisation if JavaScript is disabled. If a fallback image is passed with an iframeUrl parameter, the iframe will be hidden for non-JavaScript users. If it is not passed, it is assumed the iframe content will provide a fallback image to be displayed inside the iframe. |
```
Couple of typos

Author: Thanks. I was using 'iframed' in the sense of 'within the iframe' but happy to update.

| estimateLineLabel        | string  | false                  | Label for the estimate line in the legend. Used in column charts with confidence intervals. Will be ignored if an iframe url is set.                                                                                       |
| uncertaintyRangeLabel    | string  | false                  | Label for the confidence interval in the legend. Used in column charts showing uncertainty ranges. Will be ignored if an iframe url is set.                                                                                |
| iframeURL                | string  | false                  | A url for a visualisation to display in an iframe instead of displaying a Highcharts chart.                                                                                                                                |

> | fallbackImageURL         | string  | false                  | A url for a fallback image to display instead of the chart or iframed visualisation if JavaScript is disabled. Will be ignored if an iframe url is set, as the iframed content will provide the fallback image.            |

Author: At the moment it's using camel case for the words `fallback image URL` becoming `fallbackImageURL` - so I think it is correct? Or would the norm in the DS be to use `fallbackImageUrl`?

> | fallbackImageURL         | string  | false                  | A url for a fallback image to display instead of the chart or iframed visualisation if JavaScript is disabled. Will be ignored if an iframe url is set, as the iframed content will provide the fallback image.            |

Author: Now updated.

> | fallbackImageUrl         | string  | false                  | A url for a fallback image to display instead of the chart or iframed visualisation if JavaScript is disabled. Will be ignored if an iframe url is set, as the iframed content will provide the fallback image.            |

Author: Hi @rmccar I believe we need it to be optional because of how the wider charts ecosystem is using. We are planning a separate service which will load the DS component in order to automatically take a screenshot of the chart, which will then be used by the chart builder to supply the fallback image. The chart builder will enforce that a fallback image is always used, but we can't make it required here otherwise it won't be possible to load the component to take the screenshot. cc @MaciekBaron who is working on the fall back image screenshots, to confirm.

> | fallbackImageUrl         | string  | false                  | A url for a fallback image to display instead of the chart or iframed visualisation if JavaScript is disabled. Will be ignored if an iframe url is set, as the iframed content will provide the fallback image.            |

Author: It also needs to be optional so that we have the option to use a fallback image within the iframe - as per the discussion on https://github.com/ONSdigital/design-system/pull/3641
